chore: update docs workloads mono pod (#47698)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/operator-guides/scaling-airbyte.md

## What To Scale

[Workloads](../understanding-airbyte/jobs.md) do all the heavy lifting within Airbyte. The workload system is responsible for launching the pods that execute Airbyte operations \(e.g. Discover, Read, Sync etc\).

The workload launcher will create one Kubernetes pod. The connector and sidecar images then do all the actual work.

> Thus, scaling Airbyte is a matter of ensuring that the Kubernetes Pod wrapping the connector has sufficient resources to execute its work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thus, scaling Airbyte is a matter of ensuring that the Kubernetes cluster Airbyte runs on has sufficient resources to execute various jobs.
```

Author: Pushing up a change with that, but mentioning job pods versus just jobs
